docs: restructure how-to and tutorial pages (#1564)
DiamondLightSource/blueapi: docs/how-to/add-plans-and-devices.md

:language: yaml
```

> For BlueAPI to register plans from repositories, they should be added to the `__init__.py` file with `__all__` = [<plan_name>, ...].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For BlueAPI to detect plans from repositories and be registered, they must be added to the `__init__.py` file with `__all__` = [<plan_name>, ...].
```
